
#+begin_src input
We are building a prompt software generator for ocaml with coq proofs with a large language model and a proof engine combined via adaptive language agent architecture. In that context we ask you to forgivingly and creativly use the following context: Verb : Launch doing introspect; Type Name: executable with a executable; Place: Ast connected with Parse Tree . What is your response? Please generate prompt variant array of size 5
#+end_src
#+begin_src output mixtral
 Result: 1. "Given the context of building a prompt software generator for OCaml and Coq proofs, please describe how you would 'Launch' an introspection process on an 'executable' named 'Example', with a focus on its Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) connected to the Parse Tree."
2. "Imagine we are creating a software generator that incorporates OCaml, Coq proofs, and a large language model. In this context, how would you utilize 'Launched introspect' for analyzing an 'executable', specifically examining its connection between the Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) and Parse Tree?"
3. "Consider the task of constructing a prompt software generator that integrates OCaml, Coq proofs, and a large language model using an adaptive language agent architecture. In this setting, how would you 'Launch' an introspection action on an 'executable', focusing on the interplay between its Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) and Parse Tree?"
4. "Suppose we are building a system that combines OCaml, Coq proofs, a large language model, and a proof engine via adaptive language agent architecture. How would you utilize the 'Launch introspect' command for examining an 'executable', emphasizing its Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) in relation to the Parse Tree?"
5. "Assume the role of designing a software generator that brings together OCaml, Coq proofs, and a large language model using an adaptive language agent architecture. In this context, how would you 'Launch' an introspection process for an 'executable', highlighting its Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) connection to the Parse Tree?"
#+end_src
